README.md, before:

# Advanced Term Fields

Custom meta fields for all your taxonomy terms.

Easily add/manage custom meta fields for categories, tags, and custom taxonomies.

Advanced Term Fields gives developers an easy-to-use, yet powerful framework for adding custom meta fields to taxonomy terms.
Use it for tags, categories, and custom taxonomies.

Comes bundled with two meta fields; "Featured Images for Terms" and "Term Icons".

# Installation

### From the WordPress.org plugin repository:

* Download and install using the built in WordPress plugin installer.
* Activate in the "Plugins" area of your admin by clicking the "Activate" link.
* No further setup or configuration is necessary.

### From GitHub:

* Download the [latest stable version] (https://github.com/dboutote/Advanced-Term-Fields/archive/master.zip).
* Extract the zip folder to your plugins directory.
* Activate in the "Plugins" area of your admin by clicking the "Activate" link.
* No further setup or configuration is necessary.

# Usage

---

# Frequently Asked Questions

### Where can I find additional additional documentation?

The plugin's official page: http://darrinb.com/plugins/advanced-term-fields

Commit message:

updated readme.  moved sub classes into child plugins

README.md, after:

# Advanced Term Fields

Advanced Term Fields is custom meta fields for terms, built the WordPress way.

Easily add/manage custom meta fields for categories, tags, and custom taxonomies.

Advanced Term Fields gives developers an easy-to-use, yet powerful framework for adding custom meta fields to taxonomy terms.
Use it for tags, categories, and custom taxonomies.

# Installation

### From the WordPress.org plugin repository:

* Download and install using the built in WordPress plugin installer.
* Activate in the "Plugins" area of your admin by clicking the "Activate" link.
* No further setup or configuration is necessary.

### From GitHub:

* Download the [latest stable version] (https://github.com/dboutote/Advanced-Term-Fields/archive/master.zip).
* Extract the zip folder to your plugins directory.
* Activate in the "Plugins" area of your admin by clicking the "Activate" link.
* No further setup or configuration is necessary.

# Usage

This is a parent framework, meant to be extended by child classes.  See any one of the following 
for examples:

* 
* 
* 

# Frequently Asked Questions

### Where can I find additional additional documentation?

The plugin's official page: http://darrinb.com/plugins/advanced-term-fields

### Does this plugin depend on any others?

Nope.

### Does this create/modify/destroy database tables?

Nope.  This leverages the term meta capabilities added in WordPress 4.4.  No database modifications needed!


# Changelog

### 0.1.0
* Initial release
